README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="assets/logo.svg" width="400" title="PyProduct Logo"></p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/elginbeloy/PyProduct/blob/master/LICENSE">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/elginbeloy/PyProduct">
    </a>
</p>


PyProduct is a Python + Selenium + BeautifulSoup based web catalog scraper, programmatic OMS, and all-around e-commerce interaction bot solution.

# What is PyProduct

In short, PyProduct aims to be the one-stop shop for e-commerce interaction, from catalog scraping, to programmatic OMS and inventory tracking. PyProduct is built with Python, Selenium, and BeautifulSoup. PyProduct allows for quick and efficient data capture from online e-commerce catalogs like Nike, Adidas, and others using headless browser bot interactions.

The goals of PyProduct are as follows:
- Integration free, clone-and-go setup
- Efficient online e-commerce catalog data capture
- Secure and fast oms order placement
- Reliable inventory and shipping option tracking

# Getting Started

To get started with PyProduct, simply clone, install dependencies, get a driver, and go:

1. Clone the repo and cd into the directory

```
git clone https://github.com/elginbeloy/PyProduct
cd PyProduct
```

2. Install requirements.txt into a virtual environment of your choice

```
virtualenv venv
source ./venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Download a chrome driver [here](https://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads), and place it in the PyProduct directory as `chromedriver`

4. Run PyProduct with help to see options 

```
python pyproduct.py --help
```

> NOTE: Programmatic OMS functionality will not work without a .env in root that contains the necessary purchase environment variables.

# ToDo's

- [x] Add `README.md` getting started and explanation documentation
- [x] Make crawler not include detail URLs (catalog list URLs only)
- [x] Add smooth scrolling for lazy-loaded product images, etc...
- [ ] Make results a unique set to ensure no repeat products
- [ ] Make deep option for scraping URLs past initial page

- [ ] Add MSRP to scraped data
- [ ] Support multiple images in scraped data
- [ ] Add origin purchase URL to scraped data 
- [ ] Add availability to scraped data
- [ ] Add shipping options to scraped data

- [ ] Standardize and expand programmatic OMS
- [ ] Intergrate scraper with programmatic OMS System

- [ ] Add testing, code coverage, and badges for each to README.md

- [ ] Add automatic cached xpath and url generation
- [ ] Make cached xpath test to ensure UI not updated (if so regenerate or alert)
- [ ] Make NN based xpath generation using NLP or CNN
- [ ] Create system for scraping products on an interval and saving to PostgreSQL

# Contributing

Don't for now 🤷 Gotta get it to a good starting place first.

Commit message:

Fixed smooth scrolling and made product list unique to product name.

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img src="assets/logo.svg" width="400" title="PyProduct Logo"></p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/elginbeloy/PyProduct/blob/master/LICENSE">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/elginbeloy/PyProduct">
    </a>
</p>


PyProduct is a Python + Selenium + BeautifulSoup based web catalog scraper, programmatic OMS, and all-around e-commerce interaction bot solution.

# What is PyProduct

In short, PyProduct aims to be the one-stop shop for e-commerce interaction, from catalog scraping, to programmatic OMS and inventory tracking. PyProduct is built with Python, Selenium, and BeautifulSoup. PyProduct allows for quick and efficient data capture from online e-commerce catalogs like Nike, Adidas, and others using headless browser bot interactions.

The goals of PyProduct are as follows:
- Integration free, clone-and-go setup
- Efficient online e-commerce catalog data capture
- Secure and fast oms order placement
- Reliable inventory and shipping option tracking

# Getting Started

To get started with PyProduct, simply clone, install dependencies, get a driver, and go:

1. Clone the repo and cd into the directory

```
git clone https://github.com/elginbeloy/PyProduct
cd PyProduct
```

2. Install requirements.txt into a virtual environment of your choice

```
virtualenv venv
source ./venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Download a chrome driver [here](https://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads), and place it in the PyProduct directory as `chromedriver`

4. Run PyProduct with help to see options 

```
python pyproduct.py --help
```

> NOTE: Programmatic OMS functionality will not work without a .env in root that contains the necessary purchase environment variables.

# ToDo's

- [x] Add `README.md` getting started and explanation documentation
- [x] Make crawler not include detail URLs (catalog list URLs only)
- [x] Add smooth scrolling for lazy-loaded product images, etc...
- [ ] Add x-out of popup to xpaths in case of popup 
- [ ] Don't do scrolling or anything if product containers not found
- [x] Make results a unique set to ensure no repeat products
- [ ] Make deep option for scraping URLs past initial page

- [ ] Add MSRP to scraped data
- [ ] Support multiple images in scraped data
- [ ] Add origin purchase URL to scraped data 
- [ ] Add availability to scraped data
- [ ] Add shipping options to scraped data

- [ ] Standardize and expand programmatic OMS
- [ ] Intergrate scraper with programmatic OMS System

- [ ] Add testing, code coverage, and badges for each to README.md

- [ ] Add automatic cached xpath and url generation
- [ ] Make cached xpath test to ensure UI not updated (if so regenerate or alert)
- [ ] Make NN based xpath generation using NLP or CNN
- [ ] Create system for scraping products on an interval and saving to PostgreSQL

# Contributing

Don't for now 🤷 Gotta get it to a good starting place first.
